README.md, before:

## Welcome! I'm Dev Collares. 👨‍💻

**`Software Developer`**

- 🌱 Studying both back-end and front-end.

My name is João Pedro Collares and I am 20 years old. I was born in Rio Grande do Sul, where I grew up, and I am currently studying Systems Analysis and Development at Unipê. Since I was a child, I grew up surrounded by technology and, over that time, I developed a huge passion for everything related to it! I am a technology lover and enjoy spending my time learning more and more about the various branches and languages of programming.

<p align="left">
    <a href="https://github.com/codecollares?tab=repositories&sort=stargazers">
        <img 
            alt="Total amount of stars" 
            title="Total amount of stars on GitHub" 
            src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/github/stars/codecollares?color=55960c&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=488207&logo=star&label=estrelas"
        />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/codecollares?tab=followers">
        <img 
            alt="Followers" 
            title="Follow me on GitHub" 
            src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/github/followers/codecollares?color=236ad3&labelColor=1155ba&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Seguidores&logoColor=white"
        />
    </a>
</p>

---

<div style="display: inline_block"><br>
    <img align="right" alt="Colla-gif" height="200" width="200" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1219697722354040952/1341222359394422855/ezgif.com-animated-gif-maker_1.gif?ex=67b53629&is=67b3e4a9&hm=3b312232023e4afa8c7c2f5fe76ca8ec57e4f907e007e8a6fbd205633193f31e&">
</div>

### 🤖 Languages and Technologies

<div style="display: inline_block"><br>
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="HTML"
    title="HTML" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="CSS" 
    title="CSS"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript" 
    title="JavaScript"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Git" 
    title="Git"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Python" 
    title="Python"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" 
    />
    <img
    align="left" 
    alt="MySQL" 
    title="MySQL"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" 
    />


<br/>
<br/>
</div>

### 📊 Statistics

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
    height="200px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=codecollares&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&locale=pt-br" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
    height="200px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=codecollares&theme=transparent&layout=compact&locale=pt-br&custom_title=Tecnologias&langs_count=4" 
/>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
</picture>

Commit message:

README Update
Added personal interests and fun facts to the README.

README.md, after:

## Welcome! I'm Dev Collares. 👨‍💻

**`Software Developer`**

- 🌱 Studying both back-end and front-end.

My name is João Pedro Collares and I am 20 years old. I was born in Rio Grande do Sul, where I grew up, and I am currently studying Systems Analysis and Development at Unipê. Since I was a child, I grew up surrounded by technology and, over that time, I developed a huge passion for everything related to it.

I am a technology lover and enjoy spending my time learning more and more about the various branches and languages of programming!

Fun facts:
- Romance is my favorite genre for both books and series
- Hot chocolate is my favorite drink
- Besides tech stuff, I also really enjoy cooking and drawing!
- I have one cat called Vitória

<p align="left">
    <a href="https://github.com/codecollares?tab=repositories&sort=stargazers">
        <img 
            alt="Total amount of stars" 
            title="Total amount of stars on GitHub" 
            src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/github/stars/codecollares?color=55960c&style=for-the-badge&labelColor=488207&logo=star&label=estrelas"
        />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/codecollares?tab=followers">
        <img 
            alt="Followers" 
            title="Follow me on GitHub" 
            src="https://custom-icon-badges.demolab.com/github/followers/codecollares?color=236ad3&labelColor=1155ba&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Seguidores&logoColor=white"
        />
    </a>
</p>

---

<div style="display: inline_block"><br>
    <img align="right" alt="Colla-gif" height="200" width="200" src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1219697722354040952/1341222359394422855/ezgif.com-animated-gif-maker_1.gif?ex=67b53629&is=67b3e4a9&hm=3b312232023e4afa8c7c2f5fe76ca8ec57e4f907e007e8a6fbd205633193f31e&">
</div>

### 🤖 Languages and Technologies

<div style="display: inline_block"><br>
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="HTML"
    title="HTML" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="CSS" 
    title="CSS"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript" 
    title="JavaScript"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Git" 
    title="Git"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg" 
    />
    <img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Python" 
    title="Python"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original.svg" 
    />
    <img
    align="left" 
    alt="MySQL" 
    title="MySQL"
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" 
    />


<br/>
<br/>
</div>

### 📊 Statistics

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
    height="200px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=codecollares&show_icons=true&theme=transparent&locale=pt-br" 
/>

<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="GitHub Stats" 
    height="200px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=codecollares&theme=transparent&layout=compact&locale=pt-br&custom_title=Tecnologias&langs_count=4" 
/>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codecollares/codecollares/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
</picture>
